Decouples github readme from readthedocs (#64)
uab-cgds-worthey/quac: docs/index.md

# QuaC

🦆🦆 Don't duck that QC thingy 🦆🦆

!!! Note

>     In the past life, QuaC repo used to live at [UAB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In a past life, QuaC used a different remote Git management provider, [UAB
```

Corrected a little bit of phrasing
